Why hasn't the dog become a bear come yet?
Does he have other plans?
Hey Xiaoqiang
What do you think of this boss? Why hasn't he come yet?
And you know what?
You should call me Brother Qiang
Brother Qiang, hahahaha.
Brother hahahahaha
Crazy, hahaha, silly Joe
Oh, you know how much I miss you, haha.
Come on, come on, let me introduce you.
Why did he come by himself?
And this one?
It's Miss Lin from Blackstone Capital
How about him today?
But I made a special trip to buy it
Did your boss's stall and inventory come from?
Hahaha, hey, what about your boss? Check the goods first.
Brother Xiong will come
OK, no problem, come and lead the way, hahaha, oops.
Oops silly
Are you going a little too far today?
Then we Miss Tetra Pak
I'm going to meet your boss now
What happened again?
Do you know what to ask?
Ah, just these abandoned 4 warehouses
And these expired goods?
Where are you fooling?
Eat less and get out of work, that's not up to you
Hahaha, why don't I give you a surprise?
Hahahaha
What the hell is this?
What a vacuum camera!
Including the location here
And your handsome faces
It's not recorded anymore, hahaha.
In one minute.
I want Furucheng Xiong to explain to me in person
Stinky girl, are you playing dirty with me?
If Sha Xiong finds the buyer, Shi Xiuyu
The plan is all-inclusive
I have more of you
No need, don't fucking stop me, no need to stop